Feature pg 14 5 (#14)
anynines/a9s-kubernetes-training: website/docs/10-overview.md

{src: "https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/H5OY7IDjPZU", title: "Overview"},
]}></VideoContainer>

## Goal

The goal of this training is to enable you with the skills necessary to containerize your applications in order to run them in a Kubernetes cluster.

## Target Audience

This training has been created by anynines CEO Julian Fischer for the *Cloud Computing* lecture held together with Prof. Esch at the Saarland University of Applied Sciences (HTWdS).

> The training therefore targets at developers entering the world of containerization and Kubernetes. Ever interested person who as mastered the basics of at least one programming language should be able to follow the training.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The training therefore targets at developers entering the world of containerization and Kubernetes. Every interested person who has mastered the basics of at least one programming language should be able to follow the training.
```

## Training Structure

The Kubernetes training has two major parts:

1. Containerization
2. Kubernetes

The first part *Containerization* covers container basics such as containers, container images, container registries as well as how to build and publish simple container images.

> The second part *Kubernetes* then introduces the `kubectl` command followed by core Kubernetes concepts such as Pods, ReplicaSets, Deployments, ConfigMaps, Securities, Jobs and StatefulSets. Practical examples show their basic usage. Additionally, a few common failure scenarios are included illustrating how these issues can be fixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second part *Kubernetes* then introduces the `kubectl` command followed by core Kubernetes concepts such as Pods, ReplicaSets, Deployments, ConfigMaps, Securities, Jobs, and StatefulSets. Practical examples show their basic usage. Additionally, a few common failure scenarios are included illustrating how these issues can be fixed.
```
